Jan 2021 cloud updates (#2066)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/cloud-updates.md

  - /influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/influxdb-cloud
---

> InfluxDB Cloud updates occur frequently. Find a compilation of recent updates below.

Reviewer: With this change, we may want to change the title/name of the doc in the front matter:

```diff
- title: InfluxDB Cloud monthly updates
+ title: InfluxDB Cloud updates
...
-     name: Monthly updates
+     name: InfluxDB Cloud updates
```

Author: makes sense

## January 2021

- [New AWS and Microsoft regions](#aws-and-microsoft-regions)
- [Microsoft social sign-on](#microsoft-social-sign-on)
- [Flux updates](#flux-updates)
- [InfluxDB community templates](#influxdb-community-templates)
- [Load Data updates](#load-data-updates)
- [Visualization updates](#visualization-updates)
- [CLI updates](#cli-updates)
- [API updates](#api-updates)
- [Task updates](#task-updates)

### AWS and Microsoft regions

> - Add support for the following new regions:
> 
>   - [AWS US East (Virginia) region](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/#amazon-web-services-aws)
>   - [Microsoft Azure regions](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/#microsoft-azure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Microsoft Azure and new AWS regions:
  - [Microsoft Azure](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/#microsoft-azure):
    - West Europe (Amsterdam) region
    - East US (Virginia) region
  - [AWS](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/#amazon-web-services-aws):
    - US East (Virginia) region
```

### Microsoft social sign-on

- Add [Microsoft (Windows Live) social sign-on](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/signup). Use your Windows Live credentials to easily sign in to your InfluxDB Cloud account.

### Flux updates

- Update to [Flux v0.100.0](/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/flux/#v0-100-0-2021-01-07).

### InfluxDB community templates

- Access any [InfluxDB community template](https://github.com/influxdata/community-templates#templates) directly in the Cloud user interface (UI). For more details, see how to [install and customize a template in the UI](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/cloud/).

> - Use the new [InfluxDB 2 Operational Monitoring community template](https://github.com/influxdata/community-templates/tree/master/influxdb2_operational_monitoring) to monitor InfluxDB 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the new [InfluxDB 2 Operational Monitoring community template](https://github.com/influxdata/community-templates/tree/master/influxdb2_operational_monitoring) to monitor InfluxDB OSS 2.0.
```

### Load Data updates

  - Redesign the Load Data page to increase discovery and ease of use. Now, you can [load data from sources directly in the InfluxDB user interface](/influxdb/cloud/write-data/load-data/).
  - Add support for new data sources:
    - InfluxDB v2 Listener
    - NSD
    - OPC-UA
    - Windows Event Log

### Visualization updates

  - Add new [Band Plot visualization](/influxdb/v2.0/visualize-data/visualization-types/band/).
  - Usability improvements to visualizations:

>     - Add properties for storing your tick generation selections, including a `generateAxisTicks` property to turn this feature on and off.

Author: @bpalani, perhaps we should drop line 62 for now? 
@noramullen1 is currently updating documentation related to "Ticks" in visualizations

    - Add the `legendColorizeRows` property to toggle the color on and off in the legend.

### CLI updates

- Usability improvements to `influx` CLI:
  - Add option to print raw query results in [`influx query`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/query/).
  - Add ability to export resources by name using [`influx export`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/export/).
  - Add new processing options and enhancements to [`influx write`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/).
  - Add `--active-config` flag to [`influx`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/) commands to set the configuration for a single command.
  - Add `max-line-length` flag to the [`influx write`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/) command to address "token too long" errors for large inputs.
  - Add `--force` flag to the [`influx stacks rm`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/stacks/remove/) command, which lets you remove a stack without the confirmation prompt.

>   - Add `influxd` configuration options for storage options and InfluxQL coordinator tuning.

Reviewer: Remove this line. Anything related to `influxd` doesn't apply to Cloud.
